Update instructions for AWS web application (#404)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/aws/GettingStarted/Webapp.rst

Before starting, navigate to the working directory :file:`~/nrf-asset-tracker`.

Clone the project and install the dependencies
**********************************************

Clone the `nRF Asset Tracker web application <https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-aws-js>`_ project and install the dependencies:

.. parsed-literal::

    git clone --branch |version| --single-branch \\
      https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-app-aws-js.git web-app
    cd web-app
    npm ci

Configure the web application
*****************************

You need to configure the web application to be able to run it with your account.

The web application requires the IDs of the AWS resources that were created during the setup of the stack.

> Run the following command in the :file:`web-app` directory to copy the output containing the IDs to the :file:`.envrc` file:

Reviewer: You did not want to have these three as numbered steps? Why?

> Run the following command in the :file:`web-app` directory to copy the output that contain the IDs to the :file:`.envrc` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command in the :file:`web-app` directory to copy the output containing the IDs to the :file:`.envrc` file:
```

Reviewer: Again, consider having these as numbered steps.
